What are you doing here?
I'm putting out the fire
I didn't hurt him.
Don't come here.
Princess
Princess, the old slave is not a good person, and people have blamed you.
Please save Brother Huo
If he doesn't return to the hot topic, he will die soon
The old slave knows that you hate us servants
History hates the disrespect of the old slave these two days
But young slaves
Lost both parents since childhood
The old slave regarded him as his own grandson
If you can save him
You are beating the old slave and scolding the old slave.
Kill the old slave with a thousand cuts
Old slaves are also willing to retail
Come here.
Help me up!
I'll go with you to put out the fire brother
Could it be you
Save money
No more nonsense
Ah!